Hello, and welcome to the PJ 2015 Program Team!

Thank you so much for volunteering for PJ 2015 and welcome to the Program team. We are excited to have you on board with us! We have lots of different programs in the planning stages for PJ, with some requiring special skills, and others that just need to have someone who wants to have fun and who has some positive energy to share.

We would like to place you in an area where you would like to work in for the week; you may have skills or certifications that you want to use or perhaps you have a keen interest in doing something new or you want to develop new skills. Below is a list of the different programs we have planned and what is involved in the activity.

Please get back to me as soon as possible, by return email, with your top 3 choices and we will do our best to accommodate you. Please realize that we need to place about 300 people in program so if I don’t hear back quickly you will be placed in an arbitrary program, but no matter where you go in Program, it’s going to be a blast.

Rock Climbing: Belaying or rock climbing experience

Mountain Biking: Must like mountain biking

Obstacle Course: No skills, willing to work hard

Barnard Beach Challenge: Variety of challenges, work hard, have fun and get wet

Logger Sports: Variety of activities, hard working, fun

Townsite/Pirates/fencing: Variety of games, activities, events

Legacy Trail: Trail building, any knowledge is a bonus

Geocaching: Hands on knowledge appreciated, not required

Canoeing: some previous experience, no certification

Spirit Mountain: Must like hiking, up mountain and down

Discover SCUBA: PADI Open Water certification or equivalent required

Kayaking: Previous experience required

Sooke Pot Holes (Gold Panning, explore, hike): Gold panning & other activities, no experience

SUP Boarding/kites/Beach: Stand-Up Paddle Board and Beach program. SUP experience an asset

We also need certified lifeguards; please indicate if you are qualified and list your certifications.

Thanks again for volunteering for PJ 2015 - we can't wait to see you at Camp Barnard this July!

Yours in Scouting,

Graham Ballantyne
PJ 2015 - Program
hello@grahamballantyne.com
604-837-6698
